this is the greatest iPhone in the world
has ever seen we've been working on it
for over a year now while we've been
racing to overtake apple and subscribers
and now that we've just passed them it's
time to show the
world 3 2
1 there you go this thing is built from
scratch it's the actual super Compu of
smartphones and there are seven things
it can do that will make your current
phone look like a toy like for example
the first
so this is no normal phone camera oh
actually I just remembered we have appe
peel to do world's largest phone peel in
three 2
one look at
[Music]
that I can't
reach behind this glass is actually a
fullframe Canon EOS R5 we're talking a
camera that shoots very good full
quality 8K resolution video yeah why
don't we start a cost tally too that'll
be
fun so that one camera has cost us
$35,000 and I'm not going to get too
technical here but just to give you an
idea the best indicator of a camera's
quality is it sensor size that's why
pretty much every other year smartphone
companies increase the size of their
sensors by 10 to 15% this camera sensor
is over 1,000% larger than that of the
latest Pro iPhones your move Tim wow
so time to put it to the
test ah the Apple store
London mine's bigger so this is the
camera app and because the actual camera
itself is locked away on the inside what
we've had to do here is to get a sim and
a very real data plan so that we can use
Canon's Wi-Fi link app to have a live
feed of what the camera is seeing in
real time all right let's
go oh this feels good I mean just look
at the difference in detail the warmth
of the colors and just how cinematic our
camera looks in comparison also if
you're curious about the video quality I
don't think I've ever looked this pretty
before and because this is an 8K
resolution recording we' have absolutely
smoked the Apple iPhone in terms of
detail also if you're wondering why
there's a single Macho pluster on my
face it's because I walked straight into
a pole while heing this Beast of a phone
around London but every topend
smartphone also has a zoom camera and of
course we need to top that as well if
you see me shaking at all during this
video by the way it's because I'm very
nervous the Guinness World Record
adjudicator is on her way right now and
if she likes what she sees we will
actually walk away today with a Guinness
World Record yeah let's hope so there's
a lot at stake here okay so here's the
thing with zoom to create more zoom you
have to create more distance between
your camera sensor and the glass in your
lens so if we just plopped a second zoom
camera right next to our main camera
facing outwards like this then the
maximum amount of optical zoom we could
achieve in that depth is about seven
times now seven times optical zoom
that's all already pretty good the
latest Pro iPhones come with five times
optical zoom and that's about as high as
phones get but we don't want to just
match the iPhone we want to far surpass
it we we want to beat every future
possible generation of iPhones so this
second zoom camera which is the Sony
rx10 Mark I by the way isn't actually
sitting here firing outwards it's
sitting here firing vertically up the
phot with a mirror to then reflect that
view outwards which allows us to create
the maximum possible distance between
the sensor and the glass and this isn't
just any mirror normal mirrors have
either glass or plastic in front of the
reflective surface but this one has the
reflective surface on the front side
making for zero degradation to image
quality what does that mean for optical
zoom 25 times and if you're happy to use
digital Zoom then you can go up to 100
times and still get a clear photo if you
run to that corner over there I'm going
to see if I can find you oh yeah and you
know the other benefit of having a
mirror Periscope system like this is
it's adjustable I hold down one button
on this remote and this mirror micro
adjusts its angle which means we can
change where we're shooting without even
moving the phone right so we're going to
zoom in to drisha using an iPhone 3 2 1
image image so 25 times is the maximum
amount of digital zoom and now on the
big iPhone we can't see her very well
the feed quality isn't the best but zoom
and zoom and zoom there she is let's
capture oh my goodness look at that I
probably don't need to explain explain
why ours is
better so what is powering this phone
well you might know that Apple
themselves have a very closed controlled
way of making products which means that
the only way to actually run iOS is to
buy an iPhone you can't run iOS on any
other device so this is actually running
Android with many many different
applications and skins to make it look
as close to IOS as possible but that's
not a quirk that's a feature yeah
because Android is so much more open
what it's allowed us to do is to
basically build a very high-end PC on
the inside to power it and that took a
lot of trial and error we even tried the
latest Nvidia RTX 1490 but no luck we
had to do a lot of experimentation for
the correct Hardware configuration for
this just to give you some perspective
the absolute best iPhones have 8 GB of
RAM and a tiny little mobile ship our
iPhone has
128 GB of RAM it has the AMD 6950 XT
dedicated graphics card and a 24 core
Intel Core I9 processor it's pretty
insane making this possibly the most
powerful Android device in the world but
it can do something that an iPhone just
can't do yeah so most topend phones
nowadays they start out at around 256 GB
of internal storage and they max out at
1 tab this has 4 terab of space and what
we've done with that 4 terabytes is to
create a partition meaning that we've
allocated 2 terab to run Android with
more storage than than any Android phone
ever but then the other two terabytes to
run Windows so every time you boot the
thing up you just decide which of these
two operating systems that you want to
boot into which means yes this thing can
basically do everything oh yeah and
there's also two water cooling systems
inside this phone one for the processor
which is kind of what you might expect
one of them is for something you
probably won't but we're getting there
so we are in the very heart of London
people are starting to gather around I
feel like a street performer but I think
I think what everyone is here to see
is a benchmark okay so 3D mark this is
the extreme stress test it's going to be
quite tough I'm going to go Wildlife
extreme guys so I'm loading up the same
Benchmark on both phones
[Music]
go oh the crowd is going
wild
wow 230 frames per second oh my goodness
me iPhone 15 Pro Max Ultra it just works
3,767 that's the score of the
38559 10
times 10 times okay so that's all well
and good but let's see what we can do
with that power what's the max setting
we can put it on right while we wait for
that to load just so you know by the way
I have no way of exactly measuring it
but this iPhone weighs between 150 and
200 kg in part thanks to real brushed
aluminium all the way around hence the
stamp which to support something that
heavy also weighs another 100 kg so
don't drop this thing on your face in
bed but also I cannot state to you just
how much work has gone into moving this
thing around like I had to call every
available person I knew to spend 3 hours
just getting it into our house and then
a full-on professional crew of six
massive dudes to help get it out again
to go to London every time you change
orientation where do you store something
like this overnight how do you get it
onto a pavement you have to think of
everything and the immense weight of the
thing is also why there's room for eight
detachable handles for eight people to
carry it this is pretty much every
setting on Cyber Punk set to maximum
this doesn't feel real I feel like I'm
in some sort of weird lucid dream and I
feel like everyone right now is watching
my absolutely embarrassing gameplay in
public but now it was time to show
London the final boss of video games
it's going to be a world record in two
ways oh my God oh my God high
score this is genuinely my best
performance yet I'm really happy that
it's happening
[Music]
here you thought it was a screen
recording right thank you thank you a
that was my score for a really long time
and there nothing there's nothing to be
ashamed of wow this is insane right come
on you got it you got it wow okay you're
high okay this is the best attempt so
far apart from mine I think 12 is really
hard oh don't to kick the table up oh my
oh my oh
my oh and the other benefit of having a
phone the size of like two human beings
is your selfie camera can see like the
entire Street let's try and get the
biggest selfie ever taken come on three
two
one okay nice let's have a look what
some light social media looks
[Music]
like ah friction burnt I've actually
burnt my
finger there's a oh man okay yeah I
wasn't kidding this is what my finger
looked like the next day genuinely
though if you were going to endlessly
browse social media this is a healthier
way of doing it you're standing you're
moving it's
interactive a bit of friction introduces
a bit of
friction now for your favorite bit this
guy's a massive speaker head and so when
it came to the speakers on this phone he
has basically taken it upon himself to
build a custom one-of aind set of
speakers for this yeah it needs to be as
good as is possible so it's got a
transmission line subwofer system which
means that it gets the most out of the
space for deep and Powerful BAS there's
tubes inside that literally delay sound
waves so that they come out of the phone
louder for reference the speakers on an
iPhone which are already some of the
loudest most powerful speakers that you
can get on a smartphone these things
operate up to around 3 watts of max
power this has 50
WS per speaker unit there are eight
units in total including four subwoofer
drivers purely for BAS
[Music]
oh yeah the buttons the buttons by the
way they feel absolutely giant which
feels like an obvious thing to say given
the scale of them but it's actually
thanks to a very specific engineering
decision yeah behind each button is a
Pneumatic cylinder these limit the speed
at which the buttons can operate giving
them a sense of scale or in other words
cunk yeah and it's super satisfying but
the key thing we wanted to test here is
speakers so let's see what a video call
looks like on our phone um so the idea
is we're currently calling you on a
normal iPhone 15 Pro I'm going to step
back we're just going to see how far
away this call starts to become a
problem okay so this is probably 2 m is
this about the point where it
disintegrates this is the point where
your foot starts to look like it's about
this long why why do I have big feet
just the Distortion at the edge of the
lens oh the okay so at about this
distance your face is starting to become
dots to me um I mean can you even hear
me I'm starting to make out about 85% of
the words you're giving me it's your
noise cancellation isn't sure what's you
and what's Noise Okay that's actually
spot on the feedback we wanted did you
say you use a Galaxy Note 9 as your
phone yeah it's um it's in great
condition this has got to be this is
some sort of joke there's got to be a
reason Beyond that's the phone you like
oh there's a new packet it this morning
I dropped it off the side of my bed this
morning it's Art's he's doing an art
thing it's got to be I just really hate
switching phones I'm going to call you
on the biggest iPhone now I feel Paul
for the first time in my life like does
it like work work it works it works it's
trusted yeah it's literally a giant
phone screen blown up so what about here
I assume you can still see us I mean
yeah sure you guys are you guys look
small let's go stupidly far back you can
hear me you can see me the sound is very
good okay well thank you I love the fact
that the camera is mounted so high it's
very clear as soon as you jump on the
core with someone they are like towering
above you I know yeah yeah how much does
this thing weigh hold on let me guess
let me guess I'm going to say
1110 kilos not a bad guess times it by
three so just to establish we can have a
fullon conversation video call from here
which is like 30 m away from the phone
great easy all right take care guys you
have a great evening and congrats on all
the hard work this seems like it was a
incredible undertaking congratulations
you guys thank you bye bye lonus now
this this screen right here is one of
the things that we are most proud of
what we could have done and what we
probably should have done in hindsight
cuz it would have been a thousand times
easier is just bought one of the already
readily available touchscreen LCD TVs
but we didn't want to do that basically
every top end phone nowadays uses an
OLED display it uses that because it has
infinitely better contrast than LCD it
has infinitely better viewing angles
like the only reason you can actually
see the screen from where you are is
because we use this we basically decided
that if we're building the best we need
to use the best so we found an 8K 888 in
OLED TV from LG it looked absolutely
beautiful in person so we covered our
eyes and we clicked that purchase button
because this screen alone retails for
$25,000 and since it doesn't actually
exist as a touchscreen we had to turn it
into one and that that was a pain in the
bum Yeah we actually broke one of these
TVs during this process it's just so
difficult because what we have to do is
optically laminate a T layer onto the TV
and it's necessary to use some highly
specialized Optical glue for this so
that it retains the OLED image quality
yeah and the optical glue was only
available in like 50 ml bottles yeah we
basically bought the UK's entire supply
of this glue there you cannot buy it
right now because we' bought them out so
sorry phone repair people the first TV
actually broke because of this glue it's
extremely runny and there was a tiny Gap
all the way around the TV which it
flowed in to and onto some circuitry
completely destroying it we got a 600
a.m. distress call from that I think he
broken down basically things were not
going to plant it was literally the
worst thing that could have possibly
happened but we've got through it we've
got a perfectly working one now and uh
honestly this is pretty remarkable
because you wouldn't usually see this
outside of a factory setting no one else
would be stupid enough to make one so
stupid yeah exactly do not try this at
home this might actually be the only 88
in touchcreen OLED in the country very
possibly in the world this is bespoke
yeah oh and also we couldn't forget
this
introducing
Dynamic
continent it's just like Dynamic
Island but it
is bigger
okay um anyway to keep the whole thing
powered for context a pro level iPhone
has between a 13 and a 17w hour battery
what we have is two Anor solic
3840 W hour
batteries these ones so yes when one
runs out you can replace it immediately
replaceable batteries don't you love to
see it and I love this we have
technically built our own port to be
able to power the thing because I mean a
normal USBC wouldn't be close to enough
power and a kettle cable on its own
which is what is powering it it would
just look a bit silly so welcome to USBC
Pro Max Ultra as well why not pro
Maximus it's even magnetized so that it
doesn't fall out take that Apple
technically we just brought mag safe to
the charging port of an iPhone before
Apple did yeah think yeah I think it's
pretty safe to say that yeah yeah yeah
cool yeah so do you remember I was
telling you that there's one more camera
feature we wanted to talk
about it's this an Apple iPhone flash
module sits in the power range of 0.5 to
2 Watts we have managed to build in a
400 watt light source plus it's got a
lens to focus the light and throw it
even further 400 WS is so much power
concentrated into a very small space
that is also why we need the second
water cooling system by the way okay
let's test it starting with a normal
iPhone how illuminated am I not very
I'll be honest you're like lit but like
a
candle yeah it feels like we're having
like a romantic dinner right now so do
you want to see the uh giant iPhones
flashlight are you going to Blind Me
Maybe
right 3 2
[Music]
1 like
light
really I feel like someone's used like a
like a Dragon Ball Z move on me that's
phenomenal that could light our videos
yes it very well could it's a toasty
thing my God it's like a radiator
features you didn't know you wanted on
your phone and now the final thing
before these Guinness World Records
people come how well can this 88 in
supercomputer high-end photography
high-i phone actually do in your daily
tasks so we need to see if I can use it
to buy stuff we need to find out if we
can make a payment with this thing so
thankfully there is an ice cream stop
right in front of us and I could kind of
do with one right now okay guys
pivot
pivot let's go for one scoop of brownie
ice cream please thank you very much oh
sorry sorry would you mind um touching
about here do I have to come I can do it
all right okay we haven't tested this
this may not work
[Music]
360 if I just go slowly enough we'll
eventually come across it take I heard
something yeah no it's mine a oh you
heard
it yes it worked it worked yes
yes
congratulations made a payment like now
might be a pretty good time to email Mr
Tim Apple himself Tim Cook at
Apple do oh God someone's got to be
monitoring that
inbox huge update sent from my
mahive iPhone perfect okay I'm just
going to send it but okay just give me a
sec right Tim if you're watching
watching this or reading this I would
like a good morning
back
right we need to see if I can use it to
watch TV before bed every night before I
sleep I throw a show onto my
laptop
so gently does
it and I love
you oh my
God it's like a home Cinema
that's it I
think the new setup quality is
absolutely insane I can see every pour
on people's skin I need to see if I can
set an alarm for
[Music]
tomorrow well that seems like a
reasonable
[Music]
time good
night so that is what our iPhone can do
the only thing left now is to see if
it's good enough to win an official
world record hello hey meet nice to meet
you record and this looks like a massive
I it does and I'll be looking at things
like are all the exterior buttons
working the touchscreen navigation the
touchscreen keyboard all these usual
functions that you typically see with
your average smartphone okay okay the
record is determined by the length of
this item but I also need to confirm
that it is a scaled version of the
actual dimensions of an iPhone is
already getting to work on confirming
that it is a 15 times scaled up version
of the original I'm getting really
nervous she keeps talking about ratios I
didn't quite expect just how seriously
these guys take their measurements it
has to be
spoton I'm scared it has to work it has
to work thanks for coming I
know social media is very large your
memes are 8K there's a oh my God this is
crazy what okay hey Showtime let's start
with the exterior buttons so this is the
lock button so as it would be on an
iPhone that locks it brilant they
require power but that's for a reason to
make them feel giant so what you're
doing there is changing the volume and
that top button is an action button so
the L iPhones allow you to configure it
to do one action you want like turning
on the flashlight which is what we've
done so that is our flashlight which is
a 400 W torch basically looking good
we're after a good start let's look at
some touch screen navigation Instagram
for example let's tap that this is our
page I know it looks like I'm holding it
together at this point but I was on
breaking point I was so scared that in
the moment something she wanted to see
would just not work and that would be it
well this record of course it must be
based on a commercially available phone
it is a brilliant scaled up version the
demonstration of everything you've just
shown me has gone very smoothly so I can
confirm that what you have achieved
today is in fact a new Guinness World
Record oh my God
did it thank
you go the excitement is Justified you
have achieved the largest smartphone
replica at
2.54 M it's very impressive very slick
made to a high standard so it gives me
great pleasure to present you with this
official certificate congratulations
you're officially amazing that is
incredible guys well done well done we
thank you thank you so much okay have a
look at the video on DIY perks his
channel for him building the thing as
well as many other things like it and I
just want to say it feels like the start
of a new era for the Mysteries the boss
Channel there's a new theme song for
starters but also just generally a lot
of things that we've been working on in
the background that we can finally start
to talk about so it's going to be a good
time I'll catch you in the next
[Music]
one yes we did it